<!DOCTYPE html> 
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en"> 
<head><title>Archaeological Masterpiece</title> 
<meta charset="UTF-8" /> 
<meta name="generator" content="TeX4ht (http://www.cse.ohio-state.edu/~gurari/TeX4ht/)" /> 
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="ebook.css" /> 
</head><body 
>
<!--l. 139--><div class="crosslinks"><p class="noindent"></p></div>
<h3 class="sectionHead"><span class="titlemark">6   </span> <a 
 id="x7-60006"></a>Archaeological Masterpiece</h3>
<p class="noindent">Earth is placed at an orbit far enough from the red dwarf planet for the oceans
not to sublimate, all or most of the atmosphere was lost somewhere earlier. A
slow roll of twilight spreads across the vast frozen pacific valley, and creeps slowly
towards the great mountainous shore. The day line moves slow enough that you
really have to watch it, and be like, oh yeah, it passed that crater, it is still
moving.
</p> 
<p class="indent">The Earth is declared an archaeological exhibit, and becomes somewhat of a park
or archaeological reserve, where primarily scientists and some tourists come to
visit. There is much digging to unearth the hidden secrets and connect various
loose ends and answer dangling questions.
</p> 
<p class="indent">I do have occasional visitors, but mostly people that have come to gawk
(tourists) and those that have come to measure (archaeologists).
</p> 
<p class="indent">One couple arrives, a man and woman robot it seems. They seem rather small
though humanoid though perhaps my statue is larger than life. The man waves
his right arm about explaining various things about the tomb, while the lady
nestles into his shoulder. They are a sweet couple, but they don’t seem interested
in communicating with me. Still, their joy is refreshing, and I am happy that
they find it pleasurable to visit and watch the date line creep across the pacific
valley.
</p> 
<p class="indent">Another time a crouching robot comes and measures every part of the temple
and takes pictures. He also seems to be lost in thought about his job, and is
not really interested in communicating with me. I think he finds my
presence somewhat ‘creepy’ and he scuttles out of there as soon as he is
finished.
</p> 
<p class="indent">The red dwarf star occasionally flares and some part of the oceans do sublimate.
Eventually the archaeological period of Earth comes to a close as just about
every part of the fossil record gets burrowed through and the people that care
about the answers pretty much die off.
</p> 
<p class="indent">By this time the Earth’s core is cooling-off, and getting dim. And a new era
begins, the era of Iron, and heavy metal mining.
                                                                     

                                                                     
</p> 
<!--l. 177--><div class="crosslinks"><p class="noindent"></p></div>
 
</body> 
</html>