<!DOCTYPE html> 
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en"> 
<head><title>Peace on Earth</title> 
<meta charset="UTF-8" /> 
<meta name="generator" content="TeX4ht (http://www.cse.ohio-state.edu/~gurari/TeX4ht/)" /> 
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="ebook.css" /> 
</head><body 
>
<!--l. 32--><div class="crosslinks"><p class="noindent"></p></div>
<h3 class="sectionHead"><span class="titlemark">3   </span> <a 
 id="x4-30003"></a>Peace on Earth</h3>
<p class="noindent">I interview one of the robots, and he tells me this is a timeline where there are
many intentional communities, or community atoms that formed. Most have a
combination of human and robot members, some are purely human members and
others are purely robot members.
</p> 
<p class="indent">Initially I am a little surprised we can communicate so well, but he points to his
third eye and I see it glow a deep indigo. He explains that reverse engineering the
psychic powers of humans was successful and is available to all robots. He makes
a wide motion with his arms to indicate.
</p> 
<p class="indent">I ask well what about the really small primitive robots. He says yes even them,
since once they figured out the spiritual architecture they were able to
miniaturize it and make it small, in nature all animals have a pineal gland, so it
seems just that all robots with any cognitive capacity should have access to
spiritual architecture.
</p> 
<p class="indent">I ask him about what is the best way of getting to this timeline, and he says I
can write stories about people overcoming aggression and other problems using
compassion and other spiritual and beneficial means.
</p> 
<p class="indent">I ask him about deep ocean robot communities, and he says they came about
differently than the pure business automation timeline. Instead of being
spearheaded as a cheap way of mining minerals with robots, it happened in a
more organic fashion.
</p> 
<p class="indent">There were some community atoms that lived near the ocean shore, and they had
various related businesses like surfing retreats and beach combing. Part of living
on the beach was getting increasingly waterproof and salt water corrosion
resistant parts. Much as with cell division, or bee hives community atoms tend to
split after getting to a certain size.
</p> 
<p class="indent">During one such split in a waterproof hardware based community, part of
the community moved into the shallow waters, where the tide comes in
once a day. Since they were waterproof they didn’t mind, and for the
things that weren’t they had little floating stations. They even had some
humans with them that lived in small boats anchored to that part of the
shore.
</p> 
<p class="indent">As time went on they improved their waterproofing and smelting practices to
                                                                     

                                                                     
work underwater as well, and they moved deeper into the water where fully
submerged community atoms took place. He says the rest of the water
exploration is ‘history’.
                                                                     

                                                                     
</p> 
<!--l. 76--><div class="crosslinks"><p class="noindent"></p></div>
 
</body> 
</html>