<!DOCTYPE html> 
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en"> 
<head><title>End of the Biosphere</title> 
<meta charset="UTF-8" /> 
<meta name="generator" content="TeX4ht (http://www.cse.ohio-state.edu/~gurari/TeX4ht/)" /> 
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="ebook.css" /> 
</head><body 
>
<!--l. 108--><div class="crosslinks"><p class="noindent"></p></div>
<h3 class="sectionHead"><span class="titlemark">5   </span> <a 
 id="x6-50005"></a>End of the Biosphere</h3>
<p class="noindent">More millennia roll by. The sun grows hotter, the clouds dissipate, replaced by a
large and fierce sun, the grass dies, the oceans start to recede from evaporation,
no more human visitors, it is no longer hospitable for them to live on Earth as
the sun is expanding. My plastic body starts to melt during the hot days, baking
in the oven of the tomb.
</p> 
<p class="indent">Some pilgrims notice and there is some debate that allowing this to continue may
destroy many valuable historic or archaeological sites, since plastics and water
make a large part of them.
</p> 
<p class="indent">More time flows by and it seems the sun is getting fainter, I can see lights on a
nearby mountainside, and we shift into twilight and then constant starlight. The
Earth is being moved into a higher orbit. What is left of the oceans freezes
over.
</p> 
<p class="indent">The mountainside lights grow and that civilization expand downwards into the
crust. Gaia is still warm within, and interstellar space is cold, so they gather
their energy geothermally.
</p> 
<p class="indent">At some point I watch and a small meteorite comes my way, as I wonder if this
will ever end. It destroys a corner of the tomb.
</p> 
<p class="indent">A black cloak of some kind covers my temple to protect it from the interstellar
journey. My visitors come out of a tunnel that emerges in the base of the
temple.
</p> 
<p class="indent">After quite some time a new solar system comes into view, this time a red dwarf
star. There is much rejoicing at the light after so long in interstellar
space.
</p> 
<p class="indent">The original Sol is a red giant and reaching its final stages of life.
                                                                     

                                                                     
</p> 
<!--l. 139--><div class="crosslinks"><p class="noindent"></p></div>
 
</body> 
</html>