<!DOCTYPE html> 
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en"> 
<head><title>The New Galaxy</title> 
<meta charset="UTF-8" /> 
<meta name="generator" content="TeX4ht (http://www.cse.ohio-state.edu/~gurari/TeX4ht/)" /> 
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="ebook.css" /> 
</head><body 
>
<!--l. 307--><div class="crosslinks"><p class="noindent"></p></div>
<h3 class="sectionHead"><span class="titlemark">9   </span> <a 
 id="x10-90009"></a>The New Galaxy</h3>
<p class="noindent">Some time passed, and I was again consulted, I was informed that the ‘dark
matter’ was getting closer together, no longer being pushed apart by the light.
Their explanation was something like that when it got cold enough the vacuum
of space contracts in on itself, atoms collapse, and everything starts coming
together in a cascade until it all rushes towards the centre of the cascade and
explodes into a quasar.
</p> 
<p class="indent">Some nearby galaxies had collapsed in on themselves and reignited. Their
questions were whether they should stay here and wait for this dark matter
galaxy to collapse in on itself like the others, or to go to another that is already
shining.
</p> 
<p class="indent">My recommendation was to go, as they may get crushed along with the other
debris or die during the explosion of the new galaxy. Though there was the
understanding that so long as the star continued to shine here, the peripheral
vacuum would stay warm enough to avoid collapse. Ideally they would only go to
the new galaxy when it is safe to do so.
</p> 
<p class="indent">Next they asked me about transportation and I recommended star gates. It was a
technology they had not used in a long time as it was energy intensive and there
were not many stars around, and lots of local resources. I said it was worth the
energy to get the star gates going, so they can go to the new galaxy, they could
test it slowly and make sure people return successfully before sending
more.
</p> 
<p class="indent">In the end my followers decided to split my head in half, with my left side going
to the new galaxy, and the right side staying in this one. Being split in half didn’t
feel great, especially by such large distances, but I did some meditation and
stayed with it.
</p> 
<p class="indent">Eventually the last of the torch keepers that kept the star gate open for any that
wished to leave this galaxy before it’s collapse came through, and carried the
other half of my face with me. It was a joyous reunion. They made me a body
out of stone to overlook the new galaxy. There were many fireworks over the
years as the cosmos recreated itself, old galaxies collapsing into new ones, until
once again the sky was full of living galaxies flush with life. An eye of Earth
watching on.
                                                                     

                                                                     
                                                                     

                                                                     
</p> 
<!--l. 346--><div class="crosslinks"><p class="noindent"></p></div>
 
</body> 
</html>