<!DOCTYPE html> 
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en"> 
<head><title>Cold End Game</title> 
<meta charset="UTF-8" /> 
<meta name="generator" content="TeX4ht (http://www.cse.ohio-state.edu/~gurari/TeX4ht/)" /> 
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="ebook.css" /> 
</head><body 
>
<!--l. 241--><div class="crosslinks"><p class="noindent"></p></div>
<h3 class="sectionHead"><span class="titlemark">8   </span> <a 
 id="x9-80008"></a>Cold End Game</h3>
<p class="noindent">Someone comes near, and I call to them, they come down several more floors and
find me. A small robot on treads glances tentatively inside and then rolls in. I try
to talk to them, but they are just analyzing me for materials. I ask them if they
have a “Spiritual Architecture”, and if they recognize me, but it doesn’t
ring any bells, they have no idea who I am. I have to ask them several
times, they start repeating “spiritual architecture” turn around and roll
away.
</p> 
<p class="indent">There is somewhat of a spiritual renaissance on the planet as spirituality is
rediscovered much through song and vibration, some female Bodhisattvas on the
other side of the planet are the main agents that propels it. Instead of using
sound for their songs, they use light, since most of the planet exists in a
vacuum. The female Bodhisattva is well honoured and achieves much
greatness.
</p> 
<p class="indent">Someone comes to visit me with a spiritual architecture and knowledge of the
ancient language of English to talk to me about it. It seems I develop a small
following again. I tell them that in the grave I am sitting on with the ashes in it,
on the underside of the roof of it is some information, a story they can relate to,
to help them understand.
</p> 
<p class="indent">Eventually the golden age subsides and much of the information and precious
metals are stripped off the Earth. Discussion resumes considering throwing it into
the Brown dwarf to help the brown dwarf achieve critical capacity and start
burning. The song Bodhisattva has been whisked off by her followers to greener
pastures.
</p> 
<p class="indent">The sky by this time is quite dark, a nearly starless sky. I talk to them and I try
to convince them that adding a bunch of iron won’t help it burn very well, what
they really need is a lot more hydrogen. They tell me that there isn’t much free
hydrogen left anymore that can be easily gathered, but there are a few other
brown dwarves, and they could be set on a collision course, but it would take a
very long time.
</p> 
<p class="indent">I talk to them about the possibility of migrating to a younger cosmos, but they
tell me that it is blasphemy. I guess it makes sense in its own way, those
that go to another cosmos don’t stay here and continue on. They sit
                                                                     

                                                                     
with me often, we have meditation groups together, it is very pleasant. I
radiate compassion to them, even a trillion years in the future, it is in the
now.
</p> 
<p class="indent">The people in power end up tossing what remains of the Earth into the Brown
Dwarf. They have been throwing various debris and asteroids into it for a long
time, each time they get a little spark and some warmth so the sacrifice they feel
is worth it.
</p> 
<p class="indent">There is an aborted attempt to rescue my tomb, but the process of getting me
out breaks something, and someone who considered me a threat has what
remains of my plastic body disintegrated.
</p> 
<p class="indent">I follow the Earth into brown dwarf where it spins around and eventually hits the
core, there is some commotion, and after a while the Earth collapses and melts
into the brown dwarf.
</p> 
<p class="indent">A mourning follower that had collected some of my ashes, uses them to form a
head, though somewhat disfigured from my original form it gives them some joy,
and we keep a connection.
</p> 
<p class="indent">We continue watching the brown dwarf, and it moves along on its collision
course, and eventually, from afar I see it hit two other brown dwarves
simultaneously, and there is a massive explosion, a mini planetary nebula forms.
It is quite beautiful with many orange and red colors. There is just enough mass
to form another red dwarf at the centre, and a few small planets around. Perhaps
the Earth’s sacrifice helps extend the life of the universe another trillion
years.
                                                                     

                                                                     
</p> 
<!--l. 307--><div class="crosslinks"><p class="noindent"></p></div>
 
</body> 
</html>